---
date: 2023-05-14
---

# Exercise : Adjective or Adverb Exercise 1

Choose the correct item:

1. He (, correctly) defined the terms. The answer sounded (, correct).

2. She (quickly, ) adjusted the fees. She adapted (, quickly) to any situation.

3. He measured the floor (, exactly). They proved to be (, perfect) (, exactly) measurements.

4. The stillness of the tomb was (, awful). The tomb was (awfully, ) still.

5. It was a (, dangerous) lake to swim in. The man was (, dangerously) drunk. The gas smelled (dangerously,dangerous).

6. She performed (magnificent, magnificently). It was a (magnificent, magnificently) beautiful performance.

7. Her voice sounds (beautifully, beautiful). She sang the song (exact, exactly) as it was written. We heard it (perfectly, perfect).

8. He was a very (sensibly, sensible) person. He acted very (sensible, sensibly).

9. Mike wrote too (slow, slowly) on the exam. He always writes (slow, slowly).

10. Talk (softly, soft) or don't talk at all. The music played (softly, soft).

11. Andrea knows the material very (good, well). She always treats us (good, well).

12. You must send payments (regular, regularly). We deal on a (strictly, strict) cash basis.

13. The mechanic's tools were (well, good). The foreman said that his work was (good, well) done.

14. She worked (careful, carefully) with the sick child. She was a very (careful, carefully) worker.

15. He did not pass the course as (easy, easily) as he thought he would.

16. I find this novel very (interesting, interestingly). It was (interesting, interestingly) written.
